hello youtube this is another review for
Kiko 2k to Chris on his brother Mike did
at the store I picked up a wacom bamboo
series tablet it is the small one um
it's 5.8 by 3.7 inches of active area so
it's pretty small but it's all I need
for my designs alright so as you can see
it's a nice box with a nice design gives
you some key features in the back as
usual wacom all right
all right so I guess everything comes
out um this is your bamboo use it to get
more out of your computer let us know
how it goes and then it has a bunch of
other languages so that's that this is
like a warning so all this really is is
the tablet and the pen let's open that
up really skinny as you can see it's
about I would say point 49 inches not
even half an inch kind of small as you
can see this is my palm this is what it
is really sleek really nice it bends it
down a little bit as you can tell um you
can barely tell but it's slightly bent
forward a little bit which gives it a
sleek design you have the navigation
here um function one function to left
right and this is kind of like a
trackpad I guess haven't used it before
but I'm guessing this is the pen the
stylus as you would call it and you know
generally here you would draw with it
here so um this cables here for setup
and I imagine this is the boot CD so
like I said this is a bamboo series from
why calm tablet with this is the
installation CD I guess let me just open
this up really quick
structions installation CD like I said
and that is it everyone bamboo tablet
small five by a 5.8 by 3.7 which costs
7999 at the micro center in Long Island